{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgray\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh15520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 PIRATE\'92S KITCHEN:\
\'93JUST LIKE HOMEMADE , EXCEPT ITS MIDNIGHT\'94\
We came up with the idea of night food delivery system because of the growing need of food at night especially the students who live in the hostel without night canteen. Pirates kitchen not only serves to students but also to families and workers who toil hard under the stars.\
Orders are placed through WhatsApp and phone calls. Telephonic communication is the basic customer interface. All a customer needs to have is our mobile number. The customer needs to give a missed call on the number and we will send the menus on WhatsApp messenger. You can then select from the wide range of dishes that we cater you. Our cuisines include Indian, Chinese, and continental cuisines. You can then accordingly order on WhatsApp or phone call \
Our brand line :\
\'93Just like Homemade , except its midnight\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If we look at the tagline of Pirates Kitchen Restaurant which says 'Just like dinner at home, except its midnight' we found that the figure of speech used here is\'a0\cb4 \
\cb3 simile.\'a0 Simile, in simple words, is defined as the figure of speech involving comparison of one thing with another thing of a different type, thus making the\'a0\cb4 \
\cb3 description more emphatic and vivid. A simile draws resemblance with the help of the words "like" or "as".\cb4 \
\
\cb3 It is be clearly visible that the figure of speech in the tagline is a simile. We have used this figure of speech in order to compare the restaurant food with the\cb4 \
\cb3 one cooked in the house. It is done to show the sign of guarantee of our food quality as homemade food is fresh, healthy and delicious. Every person likes the\'a0\cb4 \
\cb3 homemade food and hence it is given the most preference. Therefore, this tagline will help in attracting the customers towards Pirates Kitchen. \'a0\'a0\cb4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \'93Pirates kitchen is the best\'94  	\
We presented the statistic which reveals that of the total midnight sales that happened mid night in the month of October . The graph shows that we have a whopping 63% share in the in the total sales. Second is Bim\'92s kitchen with 23% share of the sales and lastly is Food Panda an online delivery application. \
The reasons pirates is the best \
1. Domain and Depth\
2. Discounts for Individuals and for your gang \
3. Full coverage of the city. Period \
4. Gastronomic meals \
Pirates cover domain and depth in their meals. Pirates cover the domain of the food by providing various cuisines . The diner cuisines vary vastly from Italian to South Indian . You can get a dosa and a pasta arrabita at the same place . The kitchen also cover the depth of the food. The food here is prepared by trained experts who know how to cook food in an efficient and correct manner which results in delicious food.\
Students especially students who live in hostel are always hungry and they are always short on money . The restaurant targets this class of customer by providing them discounts. These discounts are individual and group discounts. Also the kitchen provides special discount on birthdays and listed events.\
It doesn\'92t matter where are you in Gandhinagar , if you are hungry just give us a call and your food will be delivered to you within few minutes. This is made possible by the highly trained deliverymen who well know the ins and outs of the city. They work hard so that your food is delivered to you quickly.\
Last but not the least is that our food is gastronomic. Gastronomic means which is economic in the gastric sense . The food is prepared by trained professionals who know how to make food which will not only taste good but also will be good for you health both in the long run\
ALL THESE THINGS MAKE PIRATES THE ULTIMATE CHOICE FOR MIDNIGHT HUNGER.}